Add `Module['fetchSettings']` for controlling fetch settings (#16361)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/api_reference/module.rst

  When compiled with ``PROXY_TO_WORKER = 1`` (see `settings.js <https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten/blob/main/src/settings.js>`_), this callback (which should be implemented on both the client and worker's ``Module`` object) allows sending custom messages and data between the web worker and the main thread (using the ``postCustomMessage`` function defined in `proxyClient.js <https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten/blob/main/src/proxyClient.js>`_ and `proxyWorker.js <https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten/blob/main/src/proxyWorker.js>`_).

.. js:function:: Module.fetchSettings

  Override the default settings object used when fetching  the Wasm module from

>   the network.  This attirbute is expected to be string and defaults to ``{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the network.  This attribute is expected to be a string and defaults to ``{
```
